Durga Woadveig, Daughter of Brün
Chaotic Neutral Half-Orc Barbarian 2
Height: 6'6"  Weight: 215
Age: 15

HP: 28
Naked AC: 15

Str 16
Dex 14
Con 16
Wis 12
Int  8
Cha  8


Abilities:
Speed 30
Darkvision 60'
Proficiency Bonus: +2
Languages: Common, Orc, Dwarven
Rages: 2
Rage Damage: +2
Rage: Advantage on Strength checks and saves. Gain Rage bonnus to damage. Resistance to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing. Lasts for 1 minute, or until: knocked unconscious, or haven't attacked or taken damage in the last turn. You can end rage on your turn as a bonus action.
Menacing: Proficiency with Intimidation
Relentless Endurance: When you are reduced to 0 hit points but not killed outright, you can drop to 1 hit point instead. You can’t use this feature again until you finish a long rest.
Savage Attacks: When you score a critical hit with a melee weapon attack, you can roll one of the weapon’s damage dice one additional time and add it to the extra damage of the critical hit.
Unarmored Defense: When not wearing armor, gain AC 10 + dex mod + con mod. Can still use a shield.
Wanderer: Excellent memory for maps and geography. Can find food and fresh water for you and 5 people each day, provided the land can provide it.
Reckless attack: At the beginning of your turn you can decide if you want to attack recklessly. You gain advantage on melee weapon rolls using strength for the turn, but attacks against you have advantage until next turn
Danger Sense: You have advantage on Dexterity saving throws against effects that you can see, such as traps and spells. To gain this benefit, you can’t be blinded, deafened, or incapacitated.

Proficiencies: Light Armor, Medium Armor, Shields, Simple Weapons, Martial Weapons
Saving Throws: Strength, Constitution
Skills: Athletics, Survival, Intimidation, Perception, Animal Handling, Horn

Background:
Outlander: Tribal Marauder
Personality: I watch over my friends as ifthey were a litter of newborn pups.
Ideal: Glory. I must earn glory in battle, for myself and my clan.
Bond: I will bring terrible wrath down on the evildoers who destroyed my homeland.
Flaw: Violence is my answer to almost any challenge.

Equipment:
Great Sword
Hand Axes (2)
Javelins (4)
Longbow
Arrows (40)
Staff
Hunting Trap
Animal Trophy (to be deciced)
Traveler's Clothes
Belt Pouch
Backpack
Bedroll
Mess Kit
Tinderbox
Torches (10)
Rations (10)
Waterskin
Rope, 50'
Whetstone
Iron Spikes (10)
Oil (flask) (10)
Sledge Hammer
Horn
An ornate scabbard that fits no blade you have found so far
10 gp 9 sp 9 cp
10 gp worth of silver furnishings
Scale Mail
