Fando
Firbolg Nature Cleric 1
Deity: The Shalm (Obad-Hai)

Fando is not the smartest of Firbolgs, but he is certainly one the favored of the nature deity he knows as The Shalm. Since he was a child he has been given visions of the future. Terrible storms, plagues and diseases, war. This visions have been of great use to his clan, giving them the time to plan so that they might survive. But now he has received a vision of a calamity so severe that simple planning will not suffice, and he must go out into the world to find a way to protect his clan.
Fearing for his survival, the leader of his clan gave him the best supplies they had on hand. AMong them some old armor and a mace from a raider that was slain in their woods.

Background: Outlander - Forester
Personality Trait: I place no stock in wealthy or well-mannered folk. Money and manners won't save you from a hungry owlbear.
Ideal: Nature - The natural world is more important than all the constructs of civilization.
Bond: I suffer awful visions of a coming disaster and will do anything to prevent it.
Flaw: I am slow to trust members of other races, tribes, and societies.

7'6" 319 lbs

Neutral Good

Str 15
Dex 10
Con 15
Wis 17
Int  8
Cha  8

HP 10
Speed 30
Proficiency Bonus +2

Proficiencies::
Armor: Light, Medium, Heavy, Shields
Weapons: Simple
Tools: Shawm
Saves: Wis, Cha
Skills: Athletics, Animal Handling, Insight, Medicine, Survival

Abilities::
Detect Magic 1/short rest
Disguise Self 1/short rest
Hidden Step
    1/short rest. Bonus Action. Turn invisible until next turn, or attacks, or do damage, or force someone to make a save.
Powerful Build  Count as one size larger for carrying capacity and encumbrance.
Speech of Beast and Leaf
    Can communicate in a limited manner with beasts and plants. Can not understand what they communicate back necessarily.
Wanderer
    Excellent memory for maps and geography. Can always recall the general layout of terrain, settlements, and other features.
    Can always find food and fresh water for 6 people per day, provided the land has such available.

Languages: Common, Elvish, Giant

Spells::
Spell Save DC: 13
Spell Attack: +5
0:
    Shillelagh  VSM  Touch  Bonus Action  1 minute
        Turn club or quarterstaff into a shillelagh. Uses Wisdom for damage and attack. Damage die becomes a d8. Considered a magical weapon.
1:
    Animal Friendship (D)
    Speak with Animals (D)

Equipment::
Mace
Chain Mail
Quarterstaff
Club
Shield
Holy Symbol
Hunting trap
Elk's hoof necklace
Traveler's clothes
Belt Pouch
50' rope
Shawm
Backpack
    Bedroll
    Mess kit
    Tinderbox
    10x torches
    10x rations
    Waterskin

108 gp
