Scyllus (need last name)
Chaotic Good Triton Cleric 1

Domain: Tempest
Deity: Procan

Stats:
    Str 16 +3
    Dex 10 +0
    Con 14 +2
    Wis 15 +2
    Int  9 -1
    Cha 10 +0

Proficiency Bonus: +2
HP: 10
AC: 18
Speed 30, Swim 30

History:
    Scyllus spent decades serving as both holy man and a warrior on a primarily human naval vessel known as the Wavecrasher. As a follower of Procan he was considered to be the ship's good luck charm, but whether it was truly luck or the skill of the crew, the ship was always victorious in combat and never experienced much in the way of misfortune.
    The many years Scyllus spent working and fighting alongside the races of men has given him an uncharacteristically human demeanor for a triton. He lacks the common rigor and lawfulness of tritons preferring freedom and more "liberal" ideals. He is not one to shy away from late nights at the pub, the occasional visit to a brothel, or a friendly brawl in a bar. Nonetheless, he still feels a strong connection to his heritage and will not pass up an opportunity to tell "lesser" races of the splendor and magnificence of the great Triton Empires, and to go into great detail of how his forefathers battled terrible evils in the Elemental Plane of Water.
    A recent “misunderstanding" with the new captain of the Wavecrasher has lead to Scyllus no longer being employed. He attempted to find work once more on a variety of ships, but was unable to find a crew he could fall into. He then thought of retiring somewhere nice, but remembered that he had spent the majority of his pay over the years on ale and whores. Instead he has decided to turn to a bit of adventure to acquire the wealth necessary to live a life of leisure.

Description:
    Scyllus is both somewhat tall for a Triton and built very wide and bulky. His once charismatic face is covered in scars and marred by a nose that has been broken countless times. More than a few of his teeth have been replaced by ones made of gold or electrum.
    He typically fights with a either a longsword or warhammer, and a shield. He also carries a trident and net as a symbol of both his heritage and his god. He also keeps a crossbow handy for battling foes on neighboring vessels or for long range underwater combat.
    He wears battered but functional chainmail and a barbute whose nose-guard was bent in a battle with some pirates years ago. He keeps a coil of silk rope wrapped around his torso and a grappling hook hangs from his belt. Two large metal chains serve as shoulder straps for a massive wooden chest he carries on his back, which contain the majority of his belongings.
    Age: 62
    Height: 5'7"
    Weight: 181 lbs.
    Hair: Silver
    Eyes: Bright green
    Skin: Blue

Background: Sailor
    Personality: My language is as foul as an otyugh nest.
    Ideal: Freedom - The sea is freedom -- redom to go anywhere and do anything.
    Bond: I'll always remember my first ship, the Wavecrasher.
    Flaw: Once I start drinking, it's hard for me to stop.
    Quirks: I'm quick to boast of the greatness of my civilization.

Proficiences:
    Armor: Light, Medium, Heavy, Shields
    Weapons: Simple, Martial
    Tools: Navigator's tools, Vehicles (water)
    Saves: Wis, Cha
    Skills: Athletics (Str), Insight (Wis), Medicine (Wus), Perception (Wis)

Languages: Common and Primordial

Weapons:
    Warhammer  2lbs             1d8 bludg - Versatile (1d10)
    Light crossbow  5lbs        1d8 pierce - Ammo (80/320), loading, two-handed
        20x bolts  1.5lbs
    Belaying Pin (club)  2lbs   1d4 bludg - Light
    Net  3lbs                   Special, Thrown (5/15)
    Longsword  3lbs             1d8 slash - Versatile (1d10)
    Trident  4 lbs              1d6 pierce - Thrown (20/60), Versatile (1d8)

Armor:
    Chain mail  55lbs
    Shield w/ Holy Symbol  6lbs

Currency:
    18gp 7sp 4cp

Gear:
    Common clothes  3lbs
    Silk Rope, 50'  5lbs
    Grappling Hook  4lbs

    Belt pouch
        Conch shell (signal whistle)
        A pair of knucklebone dice, each with a skull symbol on the side that would normally show six pips 
        Whetstone  1lb
        Mirror, steel  .5lbs
        Crossbow bolt case  1lbs
            20x Crossbow bolts

    Chest with Chains  35lbs (53/300)
        Backpack  5lbs (30/30)
            Blanket  3lbs
            10 candles
            Tinderbox  1lbs
            Alms box
            2 blocks of incense
            Censer
            Rations, 2 days  4lbs
            Waterskin  5lbs
            Navigator's Tools
            Fishing tackle  4lbs
            Vestments  3lbs
            Hammer  3lbs
            Iron spikes x10  5lbs
            Flask of Holy Salt Water x2  2lbs
        Block and Tackle  5lbs
        Lantern, hooded  2lbs
        Flask of Oil x10  10lbs
        Mess kit  1lbs

Current Load: 183 lbs.
Max Load:     240 lbs.

Spells:
    Spell Save: DC 12 (8+Prof+WIS)
    Spell Attack: +4 (Prof+WIS)
    Spells per Day: 3 (WIS+Level)
    Spell Slots:
    0: 3
    1: 2

    Cantrips:
        Guidance  VS  Touch  1 Action  Concentration, 1 minute
            +1d4 to an Ability Check
        Light  VM  Touch  1 Action  1 hour
            Bright light 20' radius, Dim light additional 20' radius
        Resistance  VSM  Touch  1 Action  Concentration, 1 minute
            +1d4 to a Saving Throw

    Prepared:
      1:
        Fog Cloud (D)  VS  120'  1 Action  Concentration, 1 hour
            20' radius of fog, centered within 120'. Spreads around corners. Lasts for duration or until a moderate wind disperes it.
        Thunderwave (D)  VS  15' Cube  1 Action  Instantaneous
            2d8 Thunder damage and pushed 10' in 15' cube originating from caster. Con save for half damage and no push. Unsecured objects completely in the area are pushed 10' away. Thunderous boom audible to 300' away.
        Bless  VSM  30'  1 Action  Concentration, 1 minute
            Up to three creatures within range get +1d4 on attack rolls and saving throws.
        Command  V  60'  1 Action  1 round
            Wisdom save or follow one word command on next turn.
        Cure Wounds  VS  Touch  1 Action  Instantaneous
            Heals 1d8+(spellcasting ability mod)

    Domain Spells:
        1: Fog Cloud, Thunderwave
        3: Gust of Wind, Shatter
        5: Call Lightning, Sleet Storm
        7: Control Water, Ice Storm
        9: Destructive Wave, Insect Plague

Abilities:
    Wrath of the Storm:
        When a visible enemy within 5' hits you, can use a reaction to do 2d8 Lightning or Thunder damage, Dex save for Half. WIS/long rest
    Ships Passage:
        Can secure free passage on a ship for myself and party. The schedule is uncertain. Will be expected to assist the crew during the voyage.
    Amphibious: Breathe air and water
    Control Air and Water: 1/long rest, cast one of the following with Cha:
        1st level: Fog Cloud
        3rd level: Gust of Wind
        5th level: Wall of Water
    Emissary of the Sea: Simple communication with beasts that breathe water.
    Guardian of the Depths: Resistance to Cold damage. Ignore any drawbacks of being in a deep, underwater environemnt.
    
Triton:
    +1 Str, Con, Cha
    Speed 30, Swim 30
    Amphibious: Breathe air and water
    Control Air and Water: 1/long rest, cast one of the following with Cha:
        1st level: Fog Cloud
        3rd level: Gust of Wind
        5th level: Wall of Water
    Emissary of the Sea: Simple communication with beasts that breathe water.
    Guardian of the Depths: Resistance to Cold damage. Ignore any drawbacks of being in a deep, underwater environemnt.
    Languages: Common and Primordial
